# RWizard
Despite being formally educated in cybersecurity, I have worked a variety of positions - ranging from cybersecurity bootcamp instructor to network support engineer. I fix broken thing which should have never been broken, and I help my colleagues prevent such things from breaking in the first place. I try to avoid pigenholing myself into one role or profession - and lately I have been interested in system administration work. I like writing bash and PowerShell scripts. More than writing them, I like implementing them to streamline operations and audit system controls. 

On the cybersecurity front, I excel in both red team and blue team environments but am slightly more passionate about offensive security. If an information security were to ever think long and hard about things, it would seem foremost obvious that you cannot have a solid blue team without a knowledge of red team issues. This is to say: how can we mitigate vulnerabilities without understanding how threat actors exploit them?  

Not everything on my repository is finished - and much of what I have here consists of shell scripts I have been working on over the years. Things are always in flux and everything could stand to be a bit better - never could this prove more true than in the world of technology and code, a place where a single bug could prove disasterous for a countless number of people. If you are visiting my page for the first time, expect to witness rapidly evolving changes. Without change, a technologist will stagnate. Growth is essential for the development of professionals in any and all fields. 
